[Maps] drawing layer documentation (#123373)
elastic/kibana: docs/maps/import-geospatial-data.asciidoc

. Use the file chooser to select a GeoJSON file.
. Click *Import file*.

[discrete]

> === Draw features in map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Draw features in a map
```

> Upload features into Elasticsearch by drawing lines, polygons, circles, bounding boxes, and points in a map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload features into {es} by drawing lines, polygons, circles, bounding boxes, and points in a map.
```

To create a new index for drawing:

> . <<maps-create, Create a new map>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. <<maps-create, Create a map>>.
```

. Click *Add layer*.
. Select *Create index*.
. Set *Index name*.

> . Click *Create index* button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Create index*.
```

Reviewer: Alternately "Click the **Create index** button."

To open an existing index for drawing:

> . <<maps-create, Create a new map>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. <<maps-create, Create a map>>.
```

. Click *Add layer*.

. Select *Documents*.

> . Select *Data view* that points to your index. A <<data-views, data view>> can point to one or more indices. For feature editing, the data view must point to a single index.

Reviewer: Should this be one of the following?

- Select the data view that points to your index.
- In the **Data view** dropdown, select the data view that points to your index.

. Click *Add layer*.

. Set *Scaling* to *Limit results to 10,000*.

. In **Filtering**:
** Clear the *Apply global search to layer data* checkbox.
** If your data view contains a default time field, clear the *Apply global time to layer data* checkbox.

. Click *Save & close*.

> . Click layer name in legend and select *Edit features*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the legend, click the layer name and select *Edit features*.
```

> When feature editing is open, a feature editing toolbox is displayed on the left side of the map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A feature editing toolbox appears on the left side of the map.
```

Reviewer: Suggest indenting this sentence and the image under step 9.  To do this, add a "+" in the empty line.

Author: This sentence and image apply to both "To create a new index for drawing" and "To open an existing index for drawing" set of instructions. For this reason, I did not indent the sentence and image under step 9.

[role="screenshot"]
image::maps/images/drawing_layer.png[]

To draw features:

. Click on the line, polygon, circle, bounding box, or point icon.

> . Move the mouse cursor over the map and follow the on screen instructions to draw a feature.

Reviewer: To get the right formatting, add a line space after line 104 and put a "+" on that line.

Remove the two periods before "When"

It should look like this:

>.   Move the mouse cursor ....
>+
>When a feature is complete ....

> . When a feature is complete, the feature is added to the index as a new document.

Reviewer: This is an explanation and should be indented under step 2.

. Repeat to draw additional features.

> . Click *Exit* under the layer name in the legend to finish adding features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. When you are finished adding features, go to the legend, and click *Exit* under the layer name.
```

. Use the file chooser to select a GeoJSON file.
. Click *Import file*.

[discrete]
=== Draw features in a map

Upload features into {es} by drawing lines, polygons, circles, bounding boxes, and points in a map.

To create a new index for drawing:

. <<maps-create, Create a map>>.
. Click *Add layer*.
. Select *Create index*.
. Set *Index name*.
. Click *Create index*.

> To open an existing index for drawing:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To open a previously created drawing index for editing:
```

Maybe not a great suggestion. But I do think we might need to find a way to distinguish between a drawing index and a normal index (like `kibana_sample_data_flights`) where a normal index cannot be edited. Or maybe we add something to line 82 about this.

Author: why limit editing to only indices created by "create index"? I think users should be able to edit features on any index that they have write permissions on. Really, "create index" is just a short cut for creating an index but there is nothing special about that index.

Reviewer 2: Nathan and I talked offline and I was incorrect. It is possible to edit an existing index that was not created as a drawing layer.

. <<maps-create, Create a map>>.

. Click *Add layer*.

. Select *Documents*.

. Select the data view that points to your index. A <<data-views, data view>> can point to one or more indices. For feature editing, the data view must point to a single index.

. Click *Add layer*.

> . Set *Scaling* to *Limit results to 10,000*.

Reviewer 2: Hopefully we can remove this when #123409 is merged.

Author: correct, along with https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/124061, the goal is to remove all of these constraints an allow any vector layer with documents source to allow feature editing.
